Improved docker image creation and added docker installation steps (#162)
Kruptein/PlanarAlly: docs/installation.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Docker is a system to run programs in isolated environments,
similar to virtual machines. It has the benefits that all
other requirements are handled by docker without affecting the host machine

Make sure you have a valid Docker installation with docker-compose.
See :ref:`docker` if you don't know how.

1. Create a folder for the files
2. Inside that folder, create a file called docker-compose.yml with the following content::

    version: "3.3"
    services:
      planarally:
        image: 'kruptein/planarally'
        ports:
        - 8000:8000
        volumes:
        - 'data:/usr/src/app/data'
        - 'assets:/usr/src/app/static/assets'
        restart: always
    volumes:
      data:
      assets:

3. From a command line in the created folder, run `docker-compose up -d`

The server will keep running in the background, reloading after resets
To stop the server, run `docker-compose down`

Compiling through Docker
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Same as the last option, but compiling the image
directly instead using the precompiled one

Make sure you have a valid Docker installation with docker-compose

> (usually installed sepatedly).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(usually installed separately).
```

See :ref:`docker` if you don't know how.

1. Download the latest source code from `here <https://github.com/Kruptein/PlanarAlly/releases/>`_. and open it.
2. Run `docker build -t planarally .`
3. Run the newly compiled image with the same instructions as above, but removing the `kruptein/` from the `image` line (the whole line should end up as `image: 'planarally'`)

.. note::

>     Althrough it is not necessary, it is recomended that the folder for the `docker-compose.yml` file is independent from the source folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Although it is not necessary, it is recomended that the folder for the `docker-compose.yml` file is independent from the source folder.
```

Make sure to note where you install python as you will need it later on.

.. _docker:

Docker installation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To install docker, follow the official instructions:

* `Windows <https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/>`_ (installation consists in downloading and running the `installer <https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-windows>`_)
* `MacOs <https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/install/>`_ (installation consists in downloading and running the `installer <https://hub.docker.com/editions/community/docker-ce-desktop-mac>`_)
* Linux (Instructions are available for `Ubuntu <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/ubuntu/>`_, `Debian <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/debian/>`_, `CentOS <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/centos/>`_, `Fedora <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/docker-ce/fedora/>`_)

.. note::

>     If you use linux, you will need to install `docker-compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/>`_ separatedly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you use linux, you will need to install `docker-compose <https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/>`_ separately.
```

    
    You will probably want to run the `Linux post-installation steps <https://docs.docker.com/install/linux/linux-postinstall/>`_

.. _upgrading:

Upgrading
~~~~~~~~~~

When upgrading to a newer version of PlanarAlly, the necessary care has to be taken to make sure your existing data is not lost.

It's strongly advised to make a backup of the following data before performing an upgrade

Upgrading with precompiled or manual installation
*************************************************

To backup the data, make copies to another folder of the following files/folders:

* planar.sqlite: This is the database that contains all the saved sessions and user information.
* static/assets: This folder contains all the uploaded images for tokens/maps/... during gameplay.

When backed up, you should be able to safely overwrite any of the original PlanarAlly files
with the newer files from the version you want to upgrade to.

> If you are running a manual installation, run `pip install -r requirements.txt` again in case the requiremens have changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running a manual installation, run `pip install -r requirements.txt` again in case the requirements have changed.
```

> If the data is lost is not there after upgrading, copy the backups back where you copied them from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the data is lost or not there after upgrading, copy the earlier backed up files to their original location.
```

Upgrading with docker
*********************

> Upgrading with Docker is a much safer, but the backups are recommended anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upgrading with Docker is much safer, but it's still recommended to make backups.
```
